Is it easy for me to remember? Since the people here are all the leading military officers of China in the economy and military
As long as Changkong and the others take over China at the last moment, they will go one step further.
Normally, the top officials in China are all those who talk about power and strive for power.
Just give them some benefit
If you lose their trust, you will be able to better control them.
I didn’t say it was Wang Taicong.
The shared power will not last long for them
He doesn't accompany him as the superior leader
It is the place of this Chinese country to be with you or not.
As long as they choose me today.
I contact China
Running away, the Northern General God King
So from now on
Both worlds are mine.
But talk about those small world battles
All the way to the top
Anxious that the enemy will not be able to defeat the full bodyguard
You must do a good job discussing it, everyone
These items of contention at today’s occupancy meeting
They are all my king’s private forts.
Every piece is valuable
Even a priceless castle
Once in a thousand years
I usually want to watch these battles
Don't spend hundreds of thousands of dollars
Only then can you watch
Today I especially want you to pay to have a look
He is my king
Look at me kissing you Chinese people.
Dislike, low energy
These are precious cultural relics of our country
Why did it become the private property of the King of Peeling Saidong?
There is also a private horse gang
illegitimate mother thing top
Take me to China two hundred years ago
There is also a long and rude show
mountain and river monk
They are also the treasures of our country.
Even if it is recorded
two hundred years ago
China once suffered a powerful
That scene robbed me of France
One thousand eight hundred pieces of determination and sincerity
And the mastermind will kill Sai Dong
National competition riots
Is it something he did later?